[Confluence] Documentation for Confluence connector (#647)
elastic/connectors-python: docs/DEVELOPING.md

The domain where the Confluence is hosted. Examples:

  - `https://192.158.1.38:8080/`
  - `https://test_user.atlassian.net/`

##### `ssl_enabled`

Whether SSL verification will be enabled. Default value is `False`.

##### `ssl_ca`

Content of SSL certificate. Note: In case of ssl_enabled is `False`, keep `ssl_ca` field empty. Example certificate:

  - ```
    -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
    MIID+jCCAuKgAwIBAgIGAJJMzlxLMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMHoxCzAJBgNVBAYT
    ...
    7RhLQyWn2u00L7/9Omw=
    -----END CERTIFICATE-----
    ```

##### `retry_count`

The number of retry attempts after failed request to Confluence. Default value is `3`.

##### `concurrent_downloads`

The number of concurrent downloads for fetching the attachment content. This speeds up the content extraction of attachments. Defaults to `50`.

#### Content Extraction

The connector uses the Elastic ingest attachment processor plugin for extracting file contents. The ingest attachment processor extracts files by using the Apache text extraction library Tika. Supported file types eligible for extraction can be found as `TIKA_SUPPORTED_FILETYPES` in [utils.py](../connectors/utils.py) file.

### Documents and syncs

> The connector indexes the following items into the elasticsearch index: Pages, Spaces, Blog Posts and Attachments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connector syncs the following Confluence object types: 
- Pages
- Spaces
- Blog Posts
- Attachments
```

## Confluence Connector

The [Elastic Confluence connector](../connectors/sources/confluence.py) is provided in the Elastic connectors python framework and can be used via [build a connector](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/build-connector.html).

### Availability and prerequisites

This connector is available as a **connector client** from the **Python connectors framework**. To use this connector, satisfy all [connector client requirements](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/master/build-connector.html).

This connector is in **beta** and is subject to change. The design and code is less mature than official GA features and is being provided as-is with no warranties. Beta features are not subject to the support SLA of official GA features.

### Usage

To use this connector as a **connector client**, use the **build a connector** workflow. See [Connector clients and frameworks](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/master/build-connector.html).

For additional operations, see [Usage](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/master/connectors-usage.html).

> ### Compatibility

Reviewer 2: We are missing some fundamental information on what Confluence object types are supported by this connector.  For example, does it automatically fetch all pages, spaces, blogs, comments, templates, labels, attachments, categories, etc..?

Reviewer: This info should go in **Documents and syncs** subheading :)

Author: Done :)

Author: Commit id: [7f6b6a5](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/pull/647/commits/7f6b6a511a3a472a49f4b362da7f15af88e57d96)

> Confluence versions 7 or later are compatible with Elastic connector frameworks.

Reviewer 2: It will be more clear if we rephrase the compatibility section to be something like:

Confluence Cloud or Confluence Server/Data Center versions 7 or later are compatible with Elastic connector frameworks.

### Setup and basic usage

Complete the following steps to deploy the connector:

1. [Gather Confluence details](#gather-confluence-details)
2. [Configure Confluence connector](#configure-confluence-connector)

#### Gather Confluence details

Collect the information that is required to connect to your Confluence instance:

- The domain where Confluence is hosted.
- Username for the Confluence server or account email for the Confluence cloud.
- Password for the Confluence server or API Token for the Confluence cloud.
- SSL certificate for a secure connection

> #### Configure Confluence connector
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The following configuration fields need to be provided for setting up the connector:

##### `data_source`

> Dropdown to determine the Confluence platform type. `Confluence Cloud` if Confluence cloud and `Confluence Server` if Confluence server. Default value is `Confluence Cloud`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dropdown to determine the Confluence platform type: `Confluence Cloud` or `Confluence Server`. Default value is `Confluence Cloud`.
```

> Dropdown to determine the Confluence platform type. `Confluence Cloud` if Confluence cloud and `Confluence Server` if Confluence server. Default value is `Confluence Cloud`.

Reviewer 2: Do we support Confluence Data Center in addition to Confluence Server? If so, let's change all our "Confluence Server" references to "Confluence Server/Data Center".

Author: No, the connector supports Confluence Cloud and Confluence Server only.

Elastic versions 8.6.0+ are compatible with Elastic connector frameworks. Your deployment must include the Elasticsearch, Kibana, and Enterprise Search services.

Confluence versions 7 or later are compatible with Elastic connector frameworks.

### Setup and basic usage

Complete the following steps to deploy the connector:

1. [Gather Confluence details](#gather-confluence-details)
2. [Configure Confluence connector](#configure-confluence-connector)

#### Gather Confluence details

Collect the information that is required to connect to your Confluence instance:

- The server host url where Confluence is hosted.
- Username for the Confluence server or service account for the Confluence cloud.
- Password for the Confluence server or API token for the Confluence cloud.
- SSL certificate for a secure connection

#### Configure Confluence connector

The following configuration fields need to be provided for setting up the connector:

##### `is_cloud`

Flag to determine the Confluence platform type. `True` if Confluence cloud and `False` if Confluence server. Default value is `False`.

> ##### `username`

Reviewer 3: We should not use defaults where they're not helping users e.g. username, password etc.
I created https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/issues/606 for adjusting existing connectors, let's make sure new connectors will align to those rules, and we document examples where necessary

Author: As of now default values are used to run e2e and the PR for similar change in Jira and SharePoint is still draft https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/pull/648, shall we wait for this to get merged ?

Author: [6d316f7](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/pull/647/commits/6d316f71c195ad4a7d3ccb23819882b9c9e462e3)

The username of the account for Confluence server. Default value is `admin`.

##### `password`

The password of the account to be used for the Confluence server. Default value is `abc@123`.

> ##### `service_account_id`

Reviewer 3: This seems to be the email address for the Atlassian account users will be using to create the token below. `_id` does not seem to fit for this field

Author: [6d316f7](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/pull/647/commits/6d316f71c195ad4a7d3ccb23819882b9c9e462e3)

The service account for the Confluence cloud. Default value is `me@example.com`.

##### `api_token`

The API token to authenticate with Confluence cloud. Default value is `abc#123`.

> ##### `host_url`

Author: In MySQL and Generic DB we were using `host` and `port` as two different fields and making a connection string out of those fields but in the case of Jira and Confluence port is the part of the host that's why we have consider it as a whole `host_url`
WDYT?

> ##### `host_url`

Author: Updated with commit id: [6d316f7](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/pull/647/commits/6d316f71c195ad4a7d3ccb23819882b9c9e462e3)

The server host url where the Confluence is hosted. Default value is `http://127.0.0.1:5000`. Examples:

  - `https://192.158.1.38:8080/`
  - `https://test_user.atlassian.net/`

##### `ssl_enabled`

Whether SSL verification will be enabled. Default value is `False`.

##### `ssl_ca`

Content of SSL certificate. Note: In case of ssl_enabled is `False`, keep `ssl_ca` field empty. Example certificate:

  - ```
    -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
    MIID+jCCAuKgAwIBAgIGAJJMzlxLMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMHoxCzAJBgNVBAYT
    ...
    7RhLQyWn2u00L7/9Omw=
    -----END CERTIFICATE-----
    ```

##### `retry_count`

The number of retry attempts after failed request to Confluence. Default value is `3`.

##### `concurrent_downloads`

The number of concurrent downloads for fetching the attachment content. This speeds up the content extraction of attachments. Defaults to `50`.

##### `enable_content_extraction`

Whether the connector should extract the content from Confluence attachment. Default value is `True` i.e. the connector will try to extract file contents.

> 

Author: @danajuratoni the change requires using new set of API endpoints for the connector since currently pages, blogposts and attachments are fetched independent of the space.

Since this is a scope change, can you please create an enhancement issue and we'll take it once the present one is merged on main.

> 

Reviewer 3: Sure, this can be added as an enhancement. Created https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/issues/659
